---
title: "About Next.js"
date: "2020-10-30"
---

We have spent this block of the semester learning about JavaScript frameworks, and I was surprised to find a few that I still hadn’t heard about. One framework that I took note of was Next.js. Next appears to be widely used by a lot of major businesses on their websites. A few examples are TikTok, Netflix Jobs, Twitch (mobile), Hulu, IGN, Marvel, Ferrari, and a lot of other really awesome companies. Next lays out exactly why they think you should use their framework. A few of the keynotes that they mentioned that stood out to me were their Zero Config, File-system routing, and Built-in CSS Support. Zero Config means that there is automatic compilation and bundling that is optimized for production from the start. The command “create-next-app” sets up everything automatically. File-system routing is convenient because Next has a directory called “pages”, and when a file is added to this directory it automatically becomes a route. Next’s built-in CSS support streamlines global CSS files by importing the styles sheet into the “pages” directory, and in a file called “_app.js”. These styles will apply to all pages and components. You can also do something similar with component level CSS documents.

After using Next.js for this project, I can personally attest to its ease of use. I fumbled around trying to figure out Vue, and didn’t really understand it until I was taking my final exam for SWDV-143. In the end, Vue3 clicked, and now I feel confident enough to create a simple website using it, but my experience with Next.js has been much more pleasant. I would like to mention that all three of the points that I made in my initial evaluation of Next were completely accurate. It was the easiest set up I have experienced yet, with their Zero Config initialization. The routing between pages was very easy to understand and implement from the very beginning. The built-in CSS support helped to make my initial styles for this page before further adjusting with a CSS framework.

If you haven’t had the experience of developing using Next.js, I highly recommend giving it a shot. Next offers a tutorial video on their website. That tutorial served as the template for this project!
